# ComputerVisionHW
Main website of the CV class: http://cv2.csie.ntu.edu.tw/CV/index.html  
This repo is for the NTU CSIE computer vision class in 2020 fall.

## HW1
Basic Image Manipulation  
1. upside-down lena.bmp
2. right-side-left lena.bmp
3. diagonally flip lena.bmp
4. rotate lena.bmp 45 degrees clockwise
5. shrink lena.bmp in half
6. binarize lena.bmp at 128 to get a binary image

## HW2
Basic Image Manipulation  
1. a binary image (threshold at 128)
2. a histogram
3. 4-connected components(regions with + at centroid, bounding box)

## HW3
Histogram Equalization  
1. original image and its histogram
2. image with intensity divided by 3 and its histogram
3. image after applying histogram equalization to (b) and its histogram

## HW4
Mathematical Morphology - Binary Morphology  
Use a 3-5-5-5-3 kernel for question 1 to 4.  
1. Dilation
2. Erosion
3. Opening
4. Closing
5. Hit-and-miss transform (use a 3x3 kernel from textbook)

## HW5
Write programs which do gray-scale morphology on a gray-scale image(lena.bmp):  
1. Dilation
2. Erosion
3. Opening
4. Closing
Please use the octogonal 3-5-5-5-3 kernel. (which is actually taking the local maxima or local minima respectively).  

## HW6
Write a program which counts the Yokoi connectivity number on a downsampled image(lena.bmp).  
Downsampling Lena from 512x512 to 64x64: Binarize the benchmark image lena as in HW2, then using 8x8 blocks as a unit, take the topmost-left pixel as the downsampled data.  
Count the Yokoi connectivity number on a downsampled lena using 4-connected.  
Result of this assignment is a 64x64 matrix.  

## HW7
Write a program which does thinning on a downsampled image (lena.bmp).  
Downsampling Lena from 512x512 to 64x64: Binarize the benchmark image lena as in HW2, then using 8x8 blocks as a unit, take the topmost-left pixel as the downsampled data.  
You have to use 4-connected neighborhood detection.  

## HW8
(a) Generate noisy images with gaussian noise(amplitude of 10 and 30)  
(b) Generate noisy images with salt-and-pepper noise( probability 0.1 and 0.05)  
(c) Use the 3x3, 5x5 box filter on images generated by (a)(b)  
(d) Use 3x3, 5x5 median filter on images generated by (a)(b)  
(e) Use both opening-then-closing and closing-then opening filter (using the octogonal 3-5-5-5-3 kernel, value = 0) on images generated by (a)(b)  
You must calculate the signal-to-ratio (SNR) for each instance(4 noisy images and 24 processed images)  

## HW9
You are to implement following edge detectors with thresholds:  
(a) Robert's Operator: 12  
(b) Prewitt's Edge Detector: 24  
(c) Sobel's Edge Detector: 38  
(d) Frei and Chen's Gradient Operator: 30  
(e) Kirsch's Compass Operator: 135  
(f) Robinson's Compass Operator: 43  
(g) Nevatia-Babu 5x5 Operator: 12500  

## HW10
Implement 2 Laplacian Mask, Minimum Variance Laplacian, Laplacian of Gaussian, and Difference of Gaussian(inhibitory sigma=3, excitatory sigma=1, kernel size 11x11).  
Please list the kernels and the thresholds(for zero crossing) you used.  
Threshold Values listed below are for reference:  
(a) Laplace Mask1 (0, 1, 0, 1, -4, 1, 0, 1, 0): 15  
(b) Laplace Mask2 (1, 1, 1, 1, -8, 1, 1, 1, 1)  
(c) Minimum variance Laplacian: 20  
(d) Laplace of Gaussian: 3000  
(e) Difference of Gaussian: 1  
